hello I have a craving that I love you
share
it's about arepas de chócolo I hope that
like this recipe
this is another variety of arepa that
prepare in colombia
the corn has to be tender and fresh
starts opening the most hours
then put the beans in the blender
or processor and sugar is added
when a homogeneous mass is already obtained
is ready to start roasting
you put a pan or griddle with
Non-stick surface at medium heat and
it gets a little bit of oil
margarine in it when it's hot
a portion of the dough is added and
distributed over the surface of the
skillet
past five minutes or when the
surface is dry it is turned over
to finish cooking on the other
side
the arepa de choco accompanies them with
margarine and that is good profit
Hello
Y